Deploy history is currently available only for hosted customers (#2913)
astronomer/docs: astro/deploy-history.md

:::caution

> Deploy history is currently available only for image deploys and hosted customers. DAG deploys do not appear in the **Deploy History** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy history is currently available only for image deploys and Astro Hosted users. DAG deploys do not appear in the **Deploy History** tab.
```
